# Data Structures Across Languages

This project aims, simply, to demonstrate basic implementations of some of the
most common data structures in computer science, across as many different
programming languages as I can manage. You'll notice that at the moment, that
only includes C and Python, and the list of data structures implemented is also
quite small. I intend to continue this work and flesh out both lists, but I
wanted to get this up and out in the world to be shared while I worked on it. 

## Roadmap

### Data Structures To Be Covered

The very basics:
    - Arrays
    - Singly Linked Lists
    - Doubly Linked Lists
    
The second order structures:
    - Stacks
    - Queues
    - Deques
    - Heaps

A couple of variants of trees, for good measure:
    - Binary Search Trees
    - B-Trees
    - Tries (Also called prefix trees)
    
### Languages To Be Covered

I'm originally a C programmer (I 'grew up' in tech as an embedded systems
engineer), but I also have enough experience in Python, Java, and a few others
to be dangerous. My tentative list, to be reviewed/changed/scrapped on a whim,
is as follows:

- Python (In Progress)
- C (In Progress)
- C++
- Java and/or C#
- Scheme
- Clojure
- Ruby
- Javascript (Unlikely, but hey that'd be kinda cool...)

## What to expect if you stumble across this repo and decide to watch it
I plan to come back to this project from time to time, adding to the
implementations as I have time and motivation to do so. A large part of the
motivation for this project was to have a publicly visible tracker for the
progress I make as I learn new languages and technologies (like Clojure and
Javascript, which I'm completely new to), while also providing some semblance of
value to the community. I do not *guarantee* that any of this code will be of
use to anyone outside of a pedagogical viewpoint, but I hope that you might find
inspiration in it or even some use for it when you need an implementation in a
pinch. I will endeavor in each implementation to make the performance as good as
I can, but also make no guarantees that they'll be anywhere near as good as
professionally supported or widely used open source implementations for each
respective language. 


## Licensing
Finally, note that while I've opted for the MIT license here so as to make reuse
of this code a possibility even in places where open sourcing your own codebase
impossible, I do strongly encourage doing so when it is possible. 
